README.md, before:

android-knowhow
===============

Sample programs for Android

Learning new library, package
- Follow top-down approach, start reading from package then understand important managers, adapters, 
data holders classes. Then read manager->adapter->data holder in this order

Starter guide for Android
http://mobile.smashingmagazine.com/2014/01/10/four-ways-to-build-a-mobile-app-part2-native-android/

- Nice book to start development on Android
Beginning Android 4 Application Development 

- Nice tutorials for Android
http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html

- Andrdoi UI designing website
http://www.android-app-patterns.com/

ExpandableListView : Excellent example of expandable and collapsible list view. 0th element is selected when any group element is collapsed.
Any element other than 0th element is moved up when expanded.

TestWorkerThread : Basic implementation of worker thread using Queue(using Vectors), wait, notify

OCR-Tesseract/photo_capture : Implementation of below example
Tutorial on setting up OCR library tesseract using NDK
http://gaut.am/making-an-ocr-android-app-using-tesseract/
Source: https://github.com/rmtheis/tess-two
OCR Languages: https://code.google.com/p/tesseract-ocr/downloads/detail?name=tesseract-ocr-setup-3.02.02.exe&can=2&q=
Image Capture: http://labs.makemachine.net/2010/03/simple-android-photo-capture/

Excellent tutorials on all android topics
http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html
http://blog.stylingandroid.com/archives/2266

Best physical book to purchase in Android
The busy coders guide to Android Development
http://commonsware.com/Android/

Small book
http://www.amazon.com/Beginning-Android-Application-Development-ebook/dp/B0075Y61NY/

Sample programs for trying at
https://github.com/commonsguy/cw-omnibus

Facebook like chat head: source code
https://github.com/GNima/androids/tree/master/ChatHeads

adb commands explained
http://www.growingwiththeweb.com/2014/01/handy-adb-commands-for-android.html

animations in Android
http://cogitolearning.co.uk/?p=1404

Commit message:

Updated readme with expert quotes

README.md, after:

android-knowhow
===============
Only expert knows!

- In order to make an image fit inside its bound use, scaletype as fitXY
- When using ViewPager inside a ViewPager, for child ViewPager use getChildFragementManager, else it gives error.

Sample programs for Android

Learning new library, package
- Follow top-down approach, start reading from package then understand important managers, adapters, 
data holders classes. Then read manager->adapter->data holder in this order

Starter guide for Android
http://mobile.smashingmagazine.com/2014/01/10/four-ways-to-build-a-mobile-app-part2-native-android/

- Nice book to start development on Android
Beginning Android 4 Application Development 

- Nice tutorials for Android
http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html

- Andrdoi UI designing website
http://www.android-app-patterns.com/

ExpandableListView : Excellent example of expandable and collapsible list view. 0th element is selected when any group element is collapsed.
Any element other than 0th element is moved up when expanded.

TestWorkerThread : Basic implementation of worker thread using Queue(using Vectors), wait, notify

OCR-Tesseract/photo_capture : Implementation of below example
Tutorial on setting up OCR library tesseract using NDK
http://gaut.am/making-an-ocr-android-app-using-tesseract/
Source: https://github.com/rmtheis/tess-two
OCR Languages: https://code.google.com/p/tesseract-ocr/downloads/detail?name=tesseract-ocr-setup-3.02.02.exe&can=2&q=
Image Capture: http://labs.makemachine.net/2010/03/simple-android-photo-capture/

Excellent tutorials on all android topics
http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html
http://blog.stylingandroid.com/archives/2266

Best physical book to purchase in Android
The busy coders guide to Android Development
http://commonsware.com/Android/

Small book
http://www.amazon.com/Beginning-Android-Application-Development-ebook/dp/B0075Y61NY/

Sample programs for trying at
https://github.com/commonsguy/cw-omnibus

Facebook like chat head: source code
https://github.com/GNima/androids/tree/master/ChatHeads

adb commands explained
http://www.growingwiththeweb.com/2014/01/handy-adb-commands-for-android.html

animations in Android
http://cogitolearning.co.uk/?p=1404
